okay so those of you are waiting for a
tray for the genius CP this is what
you're going to get little bag with a
few things in there so let's open this
up show you what's in there and what you
have to do i want to show you how to do
this make sure you get it right save you
some time as well ok so in there you
have little tool and may to this is just
going to be to adjust let me show you
this here the back one the back
adjusters can't be done with your
fingers only so you will need to get
that in there right and adjust it you
don't need to use this if the receiver
is not installed yet because you can
reach it easily with your fingers but
once the receiver is installed you'll
need this to adjust the back adjuster
the front ones you can just use your
finger or you can also use the tool like
this just put it in and then turn as you
wish so that's the tool and then you
will also have a little plate little
tray you'll find that it's not perfect
it's not as perfectly as symmetrical
it's just done by end I use a dremel
tool drill press and some done burs to
do this but essentially the 30 s is what
really matters most you need to line up
with the three holes on the frame one
two three and they will line up well so
that will work for you and then you will
have three linkage and they're different
well two of them are the same let me
show them to you two of them are the
same for the front and this one here's
for the back and you will also have
three springs as you can see here three
tiny Springs and three little washers
the washers are because the holes on the
frame are too big for these tiny little
Springs so you will need to put a washer
on which the spring will sit you can
actually use a little bit of epoxy in
the holes instead and poke through it
with a needle I think it'd be better
than those big washers which is what I
did on my Ellie I i'm not using washers
on my le so to install this is pretty
straightforward
you need a pair of long nose pliers and
then always start with the back one some
reason find it easier to begin with the
rear one get that on there and you just
get that through framework the frame as
such you'll see that the other end of
the adjusters goes into a hole like this
that's usually a hole for this cruise
with the stock tray the stock receiver
tray so now this can't move out there
and we can't have anything under here
because the main gear is there so that's
how it's designed just to fit on there
like this the adjustments from the top
and then from there we'll need to take
your little washer if you have not used
epoxy put that on there and then put
your spring on there and then the tray
down there hold that together and then
put the linkage on air the linkage and
on there and that's that it's easier for
me to do it quickly because there's no
servos on there now like I said if you
want you can always use a little tool
here alright and just screw that in
there ok so I'm just going to use my
finger it's easier and what I do is I
put it about mid tension of the spring
so I don't squish the springs all the
way down just about mid tension now look
at the tree you see it's tilted that's
because the end of the spring of course
it's just it's a cut-up Springs so now
we'll just turn the spring until you
hold this together here will turn the
spring until the tilt is not sideways
towards the front or the back doesn't
matter
and then it work little bit me and you
called that's close enough now we need
to install the front one so I'm just
going to turn down sideways like this
and then these ones here to do as you go
from the bottom and you hook it up on
the frame not on the actual hold on the
inside of the frame as such hold that
there put your washer on just bring on
that through the tray hold that together
and put your linkage on there as such
see this washer ID is not working very
well you might have to just use use
epoxy in the hole like i said i don't
think the washer is going to work very
well because that the bloody spring can
can call around it so just tighten that
up like this and of course we need one
more on this side so this is part 1 of
this video i'm going to do part two in a
second here just stay tuned